Add accessibility mention to PR template (#8189)
ankidroid/Anki-Android: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] Your code follows the style of the project (e.g. never omit braces in `if` statements) 
- [ ] You have commented your code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] You have performed a self-review of your own code
- [ ] UI changes: include screenshots of all affected screens (in particular showing any new or changed strings)

> - [ ] UI Changes: they satisfy Android accessibility test https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/accessibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] UI Changes: You have tested your change using the [Google Accessibility Scanner](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.accessibility.auditor)
```
